Codemods documentation update in the v7 docs (#891)
instructure/instructure-ui: docs/guides/v7-deprecated-props-and-components.md

### Deprecated Components

> These components will be removed in the v8.0 release, and this table shows which components they can be substituted with.

Reviewer: Technically this is past tense :) 
```suggestion
These components have been removed in the v8.0 release, and this table shows which components they can be substituted with.
```

Author: done

| [Tooltip](#Tooltip)            | tip                      | renderTip                     | yes     | use `renderTip` instead (`renderTip` property is now required)                                                                                              |
|                                | variant                  | color                         | yes     | use `color` ('primary' or 'primary-inverse') instead                                                                                                        |
| [View](#View)                  | focused                  | withFocusOutline              | yes     |                                                                                                                                                             |
|                                | visualDebug              | withVisualDebug               | yes     |                                                                                                                                                             |

### Deprecated Property Values

The following table shows component properties that have changes in the set of values they accept.

> The listed `delimiter` values were deleted from `List` and `List.Item`, so they have to be changed manually (the `updateV7Props` codemod will output a warning where you need to do so), but the rest of the changes are covered with [codemods](#ui-codemods).

Reviewer: To be honest it is not 100% clear when to use what codemods now. There is this `updateV7Props`, that should be used from v8, and there are still links to the [ui-codemods](https://61fce848dc1a4c605ce5cde1--preview-instui.netlify.app/#ui-codemods) page but that lists different codemods and talks about the cli... Could you please add more info to the ui-codemods page too to make things clear?

Author: added a big warning to the v7 readme :)
